[WHOOSH]
>> Hi.
I'm Sophie, from the
House of Wellbeing.
In our "Work and Career Guided
Meditation and Hypnotherapy"
series, you'll find
audios to help you
in your professional life.
And we cover issues
such as releasing stress
at work, career confidence,
imposter syndrome, creativity,
powerful public
speaking, improved memory
and concentration, and
business meeting presence.
All of our audios are slightly
different to meditation alone,
because we use powerful
therapeutic tools,
including cognitive
behavioral therapy,
neurolinguistic therapy,
visualization, and of course,
hypnotherapy.
It's all of those powerful
tools put together
that means that our audios
are so powerful and effective,
because we're able to get rid
of those negative thinking
patterns once and for
all and change them
with positive,
empowering suggestions.
When you listen to
our audios, you'll
be put into a deep
state of relaxation.
And it's a really
familiar state to you.
It's the same
state of relaxation
you go into just as
you're falling asleep.
It's called the
hypnagogic state,
and it's a really natural
and safe feeling to be into.
And when you're in that
state of relaxation,
your brainwaves change
into the theta brain wave.
And that's really
important, because it
means that any messaging
goes from your conscious mind
into your subconscious mind.
The reason we want to get
into your subconscious mind
is because that's where your
permanent thoughts and beliefs
and memories and habits live.
So by accessing your
subconscious mind,
that's when we can really start
to make those changes once
and for all.
We can retrain, reframe, and
rewire your thinking patterns,
creating new neural
positive pathways,
getting rid of the
negative thinking patterns.
And instead, changing them with
positive, empowering thinking.
We recommend that you
listen to our audios
is at least four times
to really compound
that positive messaging.
It's different for everybody,
but do try and listen
to them at least
four times, and you
should start to really see and
think and feel those changes
start to take place.
You can listen to our audios
at any time of day or night,
but we suggest that
you listen to them
when you're not too tired.
Because if you fall into
a deep state of sleep
when you're listening to them,
then your subconscious mind
just isn't listening.
So try to listen to them
when you're not too sleepy.
So please listen to
the audios when you're
free from any interruptions.
Don't listen to them
when you're actively
doing the thing like driving
or operating machinery.
If there's an
emergency and you need
to wake up and come
out of hypnosis,
that's absolutely fine.
It's no problem at all.
Your subconscious
mind will alert you
and you'll easily
come out of hypnosis.
It'll be just like waking up
from a nap or from a sleep.
So for now, click on any of the
audios in the series that you
think are relevant to you.
Find a comfortable position,
whether it's a bed or a chair.
Just relax, let go, and
close your eyes to begin.